Hello, there is a huge crack in the pavement on main street my murphy usa gas station.
I was at BP gas in tottenville and there was this huge long crack on hylan  blvd near page ave
A giant fissure has occured in the road near Denny's Restaurant on Main St.
There is fallen cement by Arby's at 101st and Elm
The is a hole in the road near Hyde park on main st.
There is broken pavement near Lambert Park
The image presents a problem of cracks in the street
The road conditions are in need of snow removal service near the movie theater.
I want to report deep snow conditions near the movie theater.
There is inches of snow on the road at AMC theater near 1st ave.
The road is iced over on main st at walmart.
The streets by Ross on 101st are really icy
The road in Albert street is hard to drive and dangerous for the driver because of the snow in the street.
The road is overgrown near Dr. Smith's office on oak street.
The street near Avenud Road and Eglinton is covered with weeds and needs to be cleared.
I'm just outside my Doctor's off at 3rd and Main and the weeds growing in the street pavement are busting up the integrity of the road.
The street/parking area at the nearby grocery store needs repair.
The parking lot at Kroger on Atlantic Avenue is cracked so badly that weeds are growing in it.
The cobbled street near the ice cream shoppe is damaged.
There is grass growing through the paving at Dairy Queen on Olive St
Near Linda's Ice Cream Parlor, on Waldo Street, there's grass growing in the street.
Inlet Square Drive in front of Inlet Square Mall needs to be salted.  It is extremely icy and slippery.
The street near Keele and Eglinton is icy and needs to be salted and cleared.
The road is iced over at Johnson Dental Services on Cactus Street.
Sunrise Avenue infront of Sunshine Smile Dentist is still covered with thick snow.
Hi, the roads are covered in ice near dentist's office on Dove st.
There is ice and slush on the road at Lincoln High School on main street.
The road near Ava and Belvidere Av. is covered with ice and needs to be cleared.
The road is covered with dangerous slippery snow for cars, near the municipal school between 13th Street 25th and 64th St.
Lefferts Blvd right after Exit 19 is very icy and slippery
The road is iced over near Sunport Airport on plane drive.
The image presents a problem of cracks in the asphalt and large bumps in the road
There is a really big hole on on Victory Blvd infront of the Todt Hill NY library.
There are several potholes on first street near Cental Library.
Giant potholes are in the road near Pizza Hut on central ave.
Hello, there are some bad potholes on Main Street, near the Pizza Hut.
The image presents a problem of small cracks in the road
At the bridge at Marlee and Eglinton, there is a giant pothole in the street.
There is a big hole in the road at Albert street closed at Royal Bank.
On the west side of the interstate overpass of Dump Trump Drive by the Wells Fargo Bank there is a  potentially dangerous pot pothole that is causing traffic tie-ups.
There are mutliple pot holes in the road near BP gas station on first street.
Asphalt is coming off the street near the corner of Bathurst and Eglinton .
There are large cracks in the road, near Timmy's Pizza Parlor on Coffee Road.
We just left the Sirloin Steakhouse at the Midway Mall and were headed south on Highway 16 about two blocks from the restrauant and felt an earthquake and now the highway is buckling and damaged.
on 116th street near columbia University the road is buckling and cracked open
I'm calling about a pothole in front of the Samuel Tilden monument on Riverside drive.
near 79th and broadway huge crack in road doesnt look safe to drive on. looks like you could fall into a sink hole
E passed 81st street near the history museum and this street cracked dried
There is a large crevice in the road on 79th near Broadway.
Hello I'm calling to tell you that the road is cracked and turning into a pothole on 33rd street.
Columbus Circle at Broadway have a pothole and cracks in the road.
The road pavement on West 59th Street and 9th Avenue has cracks in it.
The streets are totally buried in snow! Can you send someone to 37 Wall Street?
I wanted to report dangerous street conditions in the area of 389 Grand St.
Hi, the roads around broadway and rugter haven't been plowed. It looks really icy.
There are some cracks on West 43rd Street near Castillo Theatre.
Plants are coming through the pavement at 12th Avenue  and West 34th Street.
I just passed by 34 hudson street and there are some irregularities in the street
Hi there is a lot of grass growing through the pavement at 36th St and 3rd Ave
I want to report poor street conditions near 3rd Ave where it is cobblestone.
White Street is very icy today and a danger for pedestrians crossing.
There is sever icing at  White Street and Broadway.
The road on West 48th Street near the Clinton Community Garden is icy today.
On 46th Street with 9th Avenue there is a thick layer of ice
Help! Madison Ave is frozen solid between 92nd and 93rd.
The roads are atrocious in the area of Madison Ave between 92nd Street and 93rd Street.
The roads are totally frozen by Duane Reade Pharmacy on 3rd and 57th.
near the 50 street station major pot holes
Hi there is a massive pot hole at Broom and Forsyth in front of the park
In the delancey street there are irregularities in the pavement
There's a giant pothole in front of the Frick Art Reference Library on 71st St.
There's a very large caved in section of pavement on East Drive as you approach Terrace Drive.
There are lots of potholes at E 48th St and 1st Ave
On 47th street with 1st avenue there are bumps and irregularities in the street
There are major cracks going all the way across the road at E 11th and 2nd Ave.
The roadway on FDR  Drive has caved in creating huge holes.
The street pavement is fractured
The road is falling apart in from of my house
Hello, the street has some really huge cracks in it and looks like it is starting to cave in.
There is a section of pavement in the middle of my street that has a fairly large hole. The surrounding area of pavement is also very cracked and appears to be getting worse.
hi, the street conditions in the 10 th ave is really bad barely can pass a car
Hello, the street is cracked and has a hole in it.
While driving on West 37th st, I came across a very large pothole in the road
i want to report bad street condition  and there is damaged road
Hello, the street is falling apart.
hello I found a pothole on the road from 8th Ave and West 37th, can cause damage to the vehicles or maybe an accident.
hi the street condition in my neighborhood are pretty bad there are severals holes
Hello, the street has a bunch of cracks and holes.
hi want to make a complaint that is water coming out of the sewer
I found a strong sprout of water in a sewer in the middle of the street, please fix it please
There is an overflowing manhole cover at the intersection of White St. and Bow Ave. and water is bubbling up and flooding the street.
hi want to make a complaint that the street is full of water is coming out of the sewer
There is a sewer cover in the middle of my street that is gushing water all over the roadway and causing the road to be flooded.
Hello, water is spouting out of the man hole cover.
I want to report a damaged street cover
want to make a complaint that the street condition in  8th Ave and West 37th St is really bad
Hello, A man hole cover is cracked.
hi want to make a complaint that in my neighborhood the street condition is really bad
There is a sewer grate in the middle of my street that has been cracked into three. It will surely fall into the sewer soon leaving a large hole in the middle of the road.
There is a broken manhole cover located on 99th street
hi want to make a complaint about the street condition there is a big hole that wont let pass any vehicle
how bad is the street
There is a huge fracture in the street pavement
Hello, the street has cracks in it.
I'm driving on a street that has no markings at all
hi i want to report the street condition in my neighborhood there is not street marks
There's a section of the street close to where I live that does not have any markings at all.
lack of paint
hi want to report that the street marks barely can see it its too dangerous
There needs to be some street re-painting to make the cross walk at 4th and 9th easier to see.
