Hello, I found a graffiti wall on gansevoort street with ST greenwich.
On Gansevoort and Greenwich there is garffiti
I'm at the northwest corner of Gansevoort St and Greenwich Ave and I'd like to report some graffiti on the wall
There's graffiti on a building at east 21st and park ave
Hello is to report a graffiti that looks low life class in my neighborhood looks terrible please my friends don't like to visit my ghetto look neighborhood this wall is located between park ave s and e 21st st
On Avenue A in front of the nail salon on the building with the staircase there is a lot of graffiti
There is graffiti on the wall at fashion nail salon on avenue A.
Someone has spray bombed the walls of two buildings on Avenue A.  They now look terrible.  The building walls form part of a stairwell and are located be tween E 12th Street and E 13th Street.
There's graffiti on a building at Baruch place and east houston
There is graffiti on the wall in the neighborhood of 484 E Houston St.
Yes we have a graffiti wall in bad condition some of the blocks look remove or fallen please try to correct that looks very depressed the wall is located at the sidewalk between E Houston st and Baruch PL
There is a large abount of grafitti at the corner of Montgomery Street and FDR Drive.
Is to report a wall painted with graffiti on morningside avenue
Hi, someone has put graffiti on a building wall at the intersection of Morningside Avenue and Martin Luther King Blvd.
There is graffiti in the neighborhood of New York State Reference Rte 90, near Techronology Inc.
There is a painted graffiti wall in henry hudson pkwy
there is a large display of graffiti  in front of Fairway Group Holdings Corporation
There's graffiti on a building  on w 151 street
Hi - there's fresh and very colorful graffiti on West 151st Street at the Thurgood Marshall Academy Lower School.
Someone has put some graffiti on a wall along  W 151st Street.  The graffiti doesn't contain any  swear words and is quite colourful.. I thought you should know just the same.  It's between Macombs Place and Adam Clayton Powell Junior Blvd close to Thurgood Marshall Academy Lower School.
Hi, someone has put a lot of graffiti on a wall on the part of 5th Avenue that's also known as Museum Mile.  The wall is close to the Museum of the City of New York between E 104th Street and E 103rd Street.
There is graffiti on the walls near the Museum of New York City on 5th ave.
I'd like to report some graffiti on Fifth Avenue Museum Mile midway between East 103rd and East 104th Streets.
Thought you should know that someone has spray bombed the doors of a building on E 34th Street.  The building is between Park and Lexington Avenues and very close to a Starbucks.
I walked down E 34th St, near the bus station, and I noticed that someone had graffiti painted the portico of a major building
Graffiti on faith church on e 34th street
hi want to report a graffiti in my neighborhood
There is a wall in my neighborhood that has been tagged with a large graffiti image and needs to be either cleaned off or painted.
Hello, someone wrote graffiti on the building.
there is a lot of graffiti on a wall
hi there is a graffiti in the  8th Ave
hi  there is a graffiti in a old building that i want to report
Hello, someone wrote graffit all over the building.
There is graffiti spray painted onto the wall of my apartment building
hi want to report a graffiti made in my neighborhood
I would like to report that an artist has painted a long colorful mural on the overpass wall of the on-ramp of I-65 North at College Street
hi want to report a graffiti in  8th Ave and West 37th St
Hello, someone wrote graffiti on the wall.
Someone has spray painted graffiti on the outside wall of my office
i want to report new graffiti on a wall
they are damaging the public walls
Someone wrote graffiti on the building.
There's a wall almost completely covered in graffiti in my neighborhood
hi there is a graffiti made in private property right next to my home
I would like to report that the U.S. Mexico Wall just east of the border crossing at Teximex, Texas has been tagged by juvenile artists who apparently have taken mass quantities of psychedelic  drugs.
It's damaging the public walls
There is a section of wall in my neighborhood that appears to have been tagged with a rather large graffiti image that may or may not be gang related.
someone painted graffiti all over my neighbour's wall
there is graffiti all over some doors
hi want to report a graffiti that was made in a private property
There is a lot of graffiti on the doors and entryway of the closed down building at the corner of 6th Ave. and Grange St.
want to report that there is a boy making a graffiti in the 10th ave
There's this kid vandalizing a wall with graffiti
i saw a guy spray painting a wall with graffiti
hi i want to make a complaint that there is a guy making graffitis in  8th Ave and West 37th St
Hello, someone is writing graffiti on a building.
there is someone spray painting a wall
hi i want to report that there is a kid making a graffiti in the 8th ave.
I can see a red-headed boy spraying paint onto the wall of Regal's grocery store.
i just saw people putting up graffiti
hi i want to report that two ladies are making a graffiti in 8th Ave and West 37th St
My apartment building was spray bombed
There's spray paint all over my storefront
Someone has tagged up my business
some kids are outside tagging my car, enough is enough!
there's spray paint all over the subway walls here
please paint over this vandalism on the park benches
someone wrote nasty things all over my building
the whole corner got tagged
someone vandalized my car and is on the loose!
someone vandalized outside of my garage
help! IBM building has bad words written all over it.
someone sprayed all over our community office
a dastardly graffito has defaced my domicile!
someone tagged this building
someone put a big sticker on my office
someone tagged up my front door
my car got keyed and the paint is all scratched up!
they defaced my building with spray paint
someone wrote all over my wall with big markers
