Hi, I'm at Park Avenue between East 48th and 49th streets, and someone's blaring a car radio really loud with a bass shaking the windows.
i want to file a noise complaint across the street from pjt partners .
Hello, I am at 229 Park Avenue and there is a car out front with their music so loud it's shaking my windows.
i want to file a noise complaint at 1st ave and e 38th st
Hey, I'm at the corner of 1st street and East 38th street and there's a really loud construction jackhammer going constantly and we can't get our work done.
I'm calling from Dr. Charles Bruno's office at 660 1st Avenue and there are workers with jackhammers in front of the building that are making it very difficult for the doctor to treat patients.
i want to file a noise complaint at the corner of johns st and williams st
Hi, there's super noisy construction near the intersection of john str and william str
On John St and William St their is construction workers making to much noise around our business during open hours.
i want to file a noise complaint at western union on the liberty street walkway
Construction is making lots of noise on Liberty street
Hi, I'm at the corner of Hubert and Hudson Streets, and there's a loud dog barking constantly and driving everybody crazy.
there is a dog barking loudly and constantly across from st johns park on hudson st.
The construction on this street is so loud, I can't hear myself think. I'm on 8th. I'm in front of rema hortmann foundation. There's amorgik metal design across the street
Hi, I'm on Pearl Street across from Kingdom Hall Jehovah Witness down by Brooklyn Bridge, and there's a loud dog baking like mad.
i want to file a noise complaint across the street from digitaleye medical
Hi I was just at brooklyn bridge towing and I couldn't hear anything my friends were saying because of the loud construction on the street in broad daylight
Hi, I'm at Amsterdam Avenue and West 74th street and there are three dogs barking their brains out and won't stop.
i want to file a noise complaint down the street from sweetgreens
I am at the Amsterdam Corporation on Amsterdam Ave and there are three very loud barking dogs and I can't get any work done.
Hi, I'm at Amsterdam Avenue and West 74th street and there's a huge group of boys wrecking havoc over here. They're really loud!
Im on west 74th street and west end the construction is very loud.
Hello, I am trying to conduct a business meeting and the construction is so disruptive, I can't get anything done. It's in front of Hummus place
Hi, I'm at the corner of Amsterdam Avenue and West 74th street, and there's a group of kids screaming at the top of their lungs and they won't stop.
i want to file a noise complaint at the corner of levain
Hi, there's super noisy construction near the intersection of hummus place
i want to file a noise complaint at at the corner of hummus place.
Hello, I'm at the corner of Amsterdam Avenue and West 74th street and there's a very loud and very large party going on outside a house and I can't sleep.
I'm at 301 Amsterdam at the Amsterdam Corporation and there is an extremely large and loud gathering in the street with numerous people partying.
Hi, I'm at Amsterdam Avenue and West 74th street, and there's a really loud band playing. I can't even think it's so loud!
i want to file a noise complaint against sweetgreens
hi, i was about to make a call and i heard a very loud noise coming from  freddie's and pepper beside 301 amsterdam's cooperation
Hi, I'm at Amsterdam Avenue and West 74th street and the club nearby is so loud, I can't sleep.
I am at the Blo Dry bar and the construction outside is really loud it is disturbing the customers.
my neighbor's dog has been barking forever and making too much noise
I would like to file a noise complaint about my neighbors dog who will not stop barking!
"Hi, I need to file a complaint about my noisy neighbor. His dog keeps barking all day and wont stop. In fairness to the dog the neighbor keeps him on a chain in the house all day and he cant go outside and is stuck in the kitchen all day. Unfortunately my neighbors kitchen backs up to my bedroom and I need to sleep. I work the night shift. Can you please help."
My neighbors home alarm system is going off and it is really loud but they are not home can someone please respond!
my neighbor's alarm went off and it is still going and going
we have a neighbor's dog that has been barking for some minutes now
My neighbors dog won't stop barking!
the neighbor's dog is barking and barking and he won't stop
Hi my neighbor's dog won't stop barking. They won't let him inside and it's disturbing the neighborhood
The dog next dog is barking and won't stop!
my neighbor's alarm was set off and it is very loud
My neighbors alarm is going off and it is really loud but no one is deactivating it!
I need to file a complaint. My neighbors house alarm keeps going off. It has been doing this a lot lately  so it must be from faulty set up or faulty wiring . Can you help.
my neighbor is singing really loud and bothering the whole neighborhood
My neighbor is playing music and singing really loud but won't respond when I try to ask them to turn down the volume.
My lady neighbor is listening to music very loud and is singing really loud to the music.
i want to file a noise complaint on my neighbor who is playing his music extra loud
The next door neighbor is playing their music way too loud and won't turn it down!
My neighbor is listening to his boom box extremely loud.
My neighbor is practicing with their band and won't stop even though I have asked them to stop numerous times!
I have a neighbor playing music real loud
my neighbors are fighting and the noise is coming thru the vent to the outside where my children are playing and they can hear everything they are screaming at each other.
hi i want to report that from next to my house is a vent that makes so much noise
"Hi, there is a very large vent outside my building that blows air very loudly.  I can't hear my TV when it's on."
The fire alarm in my apartment building is going off extremely loud
hi want to make a complaint that the fire alarm is making so much noise and its been a while and wont stop
"HI, I'D LIKE TO REPORT A LOUD FIRE ALARM."
My neighbor's AC is so loud next door.  I can't hear what's going on in my own house.
hello I'm calling to report that there's an air conditioner on my street with a disturbing noise
Hello am trying to get some sleep but can't because of the loud and disturbing noise from engine close to my house
hi i passing by the street trying to make a call but is imposible to me to hear because a unit makes a very loud noise
My next door neighbor has a central air unit that is rattling so loud I can't sleep
the unit of that air conditioning does not let me sleep
hi i want to report a very disruptive noise that comes from a vent
My neighbor above me is playing their music so loud that it is coming through my vent and I can't hear my own television set
the air duct makes a lot of noise
there is a fire alarm going off in my office but there is no fire and the noise is very loud
hi I want to report that the alarm wont stop it makes so much noise
hi i want to report a very loud sound that comes from a unit
I need to report my neighbors central air unit is very loud and I can't sleep.
the unity of this air does not let me sleep
my next door neighbors dog will not stop barking and I can't sleep
"hi want to make a complaint, my Neighbour's dog makes so much noise"
My neighbor has a dog that barks constantly during the day.  It's so loud it wakes my baby up from her naps.
there is a dog making a lot of noise and he keeps barking can you do anything about it
my neighbor's dog barks a lot and does not let me sleep
My neighbor has a dog that won't quit barking.  It's so loud it wakes up my baby.
the neighbor's dog keeps barking and barking and we need someone to do something about it so we can sleep
"hi want to report that a dog outside is making so much noise, cant sleep for that noise"
the roof vent of my apartment building is rattling so loud I can't hear myself think
There is a large vent near my apartment.  It blows air so loudly that I can't hear my TV when it's on.
hi i want to report that a vent is making too loud
There is a large air vent by my building.  When it blows air it is so loud that I can't hear what's going on around me.
I hear a lot of noise coming out of a vent and want to file a complaint
my neighbors music is so loud I can hear it through the air vent
the sprinkler alarm in my office keeps going off  and it's very loud and getting everything all wet
The fire alarm keeps going off down the street from me.  It is so loud and it is waking me up in the middle of the night.
hi i want to report that the alarm of the high school its making so much loud and wont stop
hi the air conditioner next to my house makes so much noise
the bar across the street has a live band and all the doors open and I can't get any work done because of the noise
"hi i want to report that theres a concert and makes so much noise, its so loud that I can hear it from my house"
"hi Im trying to see a movie and next to my house is very loud, is like a party or something"
There is a group of four musicians playing so loud  in the restaurant next door to me that the noise is  shaking my windows
There is a loud party going on at the Valette Healdsburg and it's very noisy.
i was walking in the city and notice that valette its too loud. i barely make a phone call
"HI, I'D LIKE TO REPORT VERY LOUD DISRUPTIVE PARTYING IN A RESTAURANT NEXT DOOR, IT'S LATE AT NIGHT AND THIS IS IMPACTING US A LOT."
hi i walking in the city and notice that black bear restaurant makes so much noise
The Black Bear restaurant across the street from me  has a live band playing and I can hear it through my closed windows.
hello I'm in a business meeting and in front is the restaurant with a very disturbing sound
I am trying to eat at a restaurant but the noise is so loud from other customers that I can't enjoy myself.
the orient express restaurant is noisier than usual and can you send someone down to get them to tone it down a bit
I am trying to eat at a restaurant but someone's moped is making too much noise that I can't enjoy myself.
there is too much noise coming from the restaurant down the street
"hi want to make a complaint that from restaurant scopello come so much loud, barely can hear a phone call"
I am near a restaurant where there is a lot of noise.  It appears there might be a fight going on in there.
I want to file a noise complaint on the Sumac restaurant across the street
The Restaurant Sumac is having a very loud party and disturbing people on the street
