near 50 street station there is a damaged tree. Most of it is on the ground.
A tree has fallen over at West 50 Street and 9th Avenue.
A tree at the corner of Elizabeth Street and Broome Street is split in half and may fall over.
Hi there is a damaged tree at 71st St and 5th Ave
In the street 71 with the 5 avenue there is a tree split in half
There is a damaged tree in the neighborhood of 328 E 48th St.
Someone has carved graffitti into the trees between 12th and 13st ST on 1st Ave.
There is a damaged tree at 1st Ave near New York City Pharmacy.
I would like to report a damaged and partially downed tree in the Forsyth Street area near Broome Street.
There is a damaged tree in the vicinity of Lafayette Street near Starbucks and Astor Place Newsstand.
There is a damaged tree from carvings in front of Astor Place.
A tree on some green space at Amity Hall has been hit by lightening and is in danger of falling over.
I wanted to report a damaged tree at NYU Native Woodland Gardens.
There is a damaged tree in the area of  150-154 W 145th St.
A tree is blocking the walking path on 112th St and Riverside Drive.
on 79th street and broadway there is a tree cracked in half
There's a broken tree on West End Avenue and West 77th Street.
Good evening, there's a damaged tree next to a lake. The location is 850 5th Ave NY
I am calling about a severely and potentially damaged tree in the Columbus Circle area along the water.
I'm by the water at USS Maine Monument and a tree has been cut nearly through and is now in danger of falling over.
there is a downed tree blocking the side walk near a school
Hi there is a damaged tree at Wall St in front of Hermes
There is a downed tree on the sidewalk near Rector Street Station.
There's a tree badly damaged on the side of the road and it might fall, located at sheridan park.
There is a beaver damaged tree at the area of 389 Grand St.
The is a downed tree near Applebee's on main street.
Hello, there's a tree down near the Subway on 579 Tree Rd.
There is downed tree at Hyde Park on hyde road.
There is a damaged tree at willow brook park.  It is broken from the trunk.
There is a split and fallen tree near AMC theater on 3rd ave.
The tree on the farm near Bay and Bloor is split and falling over.
There is a big broken tree, at the edge of the street 18 of 64 E. In avenue that leads to the metropolitan cinema.
Hi, there's a split tree near the Walmart on Chicago Avenue.
There is a tree in the park near the Kroger store on Atlantic Avenue that has sustained serious storm damage.  The trunk has split down the middle.
A tree near the corners of Lawrence and Eglinton has been split open and needs to be trimmed.
There is a damaged tree in the General Hospital in front of the doctor's office.
Outside of my Doctor's office at 227 Bangor Drive there is a tree that has been hit by lightning and some of the brances have split from the trunk and blocked the sidewalk.
There is a tree with carving grafitti at Fry's Grocery store.
There is a damaged tree by Walmart on 121st
There is a damaged tree by Dairy Queen on Olive St
I saw a tree at hylan blvd infront of rafaels italian ice cream that has heavy grafitti all over its trunk.
There is a broken tree and limb near Fiesta Mall on Highland Road.
A tree has been split apart in a park near Caledonia and Eglinton Av.
Hello, I'm at the Jackson Mall at 1112 Elm St, and there is a tree that has snapped in half.
A tree limb has broken off  a tree at Johnson Dental Services.
There is large tree on Spruce Hills Drive near Dental Associates that sustained storm damage.  The trunk appears to have split in two.
A tree branch has broken at Hyde Middle school on first ave.
A damaged tree near the corner of Arlington Av and Vaughan Road needs to be trimmed.
There is a damaged tree at PS8 at hylan blvd, the branch is broken and falling
Just left the Midway Airport headed east on Balfour Crive and past the second red light a tree got hit by lightning and several large brances were blown off and are interfering with traffic on the road.
There is a large damaged tree by the lake near the Surfside Library.  It looks like it's been gnawed by an animal and is about to fall over.
Two trees near Bathurst and Wychwood are damaged and need to be attended to.
A tree near the corner of St. Clair and Vaughan has fallen down and is blocing the sidewalk leading to the school.
There is a damaged tree near chase bank on main street.
I am at the  Willowbrook park and I saw a heavily damaged tree by the bank.  The trunk seemed to be chomped by wild animals.
At the JFK airport, it appears that a tree has been struck by lightening, causing it to split in half.
There is a downed tree blocking the sidewalk at Pizza Hut.
There is a broken damaged tree laying on the ground here in front of the pizza hut.
There is a tree on my lawn that is so severely damaged that it has toppled over.
There's a broken tree that fell on to my driveway
there is a split tree that has been damaged and it looks dangerous
hi want to report that there is a damage tree in all the highway
hi want to make a complaint for a damage tree in my neighborhood
The beautiful elm tree in Harper Park looks like it was struck by lightening and is split and badly damaged.
A tree in a park in my neighborhood is majorly split in its trunk. There are some large branches that are in danger of falling
off.
There is a severely vandalized tree
Vandals have used a knife and carved words and initials into the tree outside my house
there is a damage tree in  10th ave the people wrote things in the tree
Hello, someone damaged a tree by writing on it.
There is carved writing all over the tree outside my home
hi i want to report a damage tree in my backyard
There is a badly split ash tree right in the side yard my neighbor's house at 8 Jackson Ave.  It's very close to the road and kids
might have to walk around it and into the street itself on the way to and from school.
hi want to report that there is a damage tree blocking the road
there is a fallen tree on the side of the road that seems to be struck by lightning or the winds of a storm, they should go and
see it before it can cause damage to someone
I'm at the edge of the field abutting the conversation area and I can see a lot of old damage to an elm tree.
hi want to report a damage tree in my neighborhood that dont let pass
A red pine tree has a damaged branch at the eastside ball field.
There is a tree in my neighborhood park that has a branch that is extremely damaged and is in danger of falling on someone.
hi there is a damaged tree in my neighborhood that i want to report
Part of a tree has fallen on to the lawn
there is a damaged tree and people might get hurt since it's over the sidewalk
hi there is a damage street crossing the street and dont let pass
this tree covers the passage
there is a damaged tree over by my house
Hello, someone took the bark off of a tree.
someone or something is damaging the trees near the lake should come to check
a damaged tree fell onto the sidewalk and it is all over someone's yard
hi there is a damage tree blocking the way dont let pass the cars
Hello, a tree fell down. It is blocking the sidewalk and part of the street.
that tree dries up
hi i want to report a damage tree in the 8th ave
Hello, there is a tree that is damaged.
Hello, there is a damaged tree.
There are two very tall trees in my neighborhood that appear to be damaged and may need to be cut down.
